Api key via code (#36)
Svrf/svrf-ios-sdk: README.md

## Authentication

> Configure your `plist` with your **SVRF_API_KEY** or pass **SVRF_API_KEY** in the authenticate function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include your Svrf API Key in the `Authenticate()` method or configure your `plist` by adding a key **SVRF_API_KEY** with your Svrf API Key. An API Key passed through the `Authenticate()` method will take precedence over the `plist`.
```

Author: done

```swift
SvrfSDK.authenticate()
```
or

```swift

> SvrfSDK.authenticate(apiKey:**SVRF_API_KEY**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SvrfSDK.authenticate(apiKey: **SVRF_API_KEY**)
```
And move this example above the plist example since this is the new preferred method.

Author: done
